
HOW TO PLAY:
            
    Mastermind is a game of cunning and wit. The objective is simple - 
    one player, the ~codemaker~, creates a secret code and the other, the
    ~codebreaker~, has to break it. 

    The code consists of 4 colors in a specific order. The goal for the
    ~codebreaker~ is to guess the colors in their exact order. The colors can be 
    any one of the following 8 colors:
        - Red
        - Green
        - Blue
        - Yellow
        - Orange
        - Purple
        - Magenta
        - White
    The code is allowed to consist of repeated colors, so theoretically the 
    code could just be four of the same color. It is up to the ~codebreaker~ to
    figure that out for themselves.

    There are two game modes available for you, the human player, to choose 
    from. You can play a ~codebreaker~ game, where the computer comes up with
    the secret code and it is your goal to crack it, or play as the ~codemaker~
    and see if you can outsmart the computer.

    CODEBREAKER MODE:

        To submit a guess, simply type in the first letter of each color, in the 
        order you believe they're arranged in the code, in the format 'RGBY',
        then hit Enter.

        After each guess, the computer will give you feedback about how accurate 
        your guess was. For each correct color, the computer will print a '*'. 
        However if you guess the correct color in the correct position, the 
        computer will print a '!'. The computer will not print anything for 
        incorrect colors. 

        As an example, if the code were 'RGBY' and you guessed 'RBWW', the 
        computer would print a '!' for correctly guessing Red in the first 
        position, and a '*' for correctly guessing that there is a Blue in the
        code, but not getting the position right. You can then use that feedback
        to influence your next guess.

        You will be given 12 guesses to crack the code. If you match the code 
        exactly on any one of those guesses, you win! But if you fail to get it 
        after 12 guesses, you lose :(

    CODEMAKER MODE:

        The game starts with you creating the code. When you've come up with 
        your code, submit it just like you would submit a guess in codebreaker
        mode: type four colors in the format 'RGBY', then hit Enter.

        The computer will then rattle off guesses and utilize the guess feedback
        just like you to determine the code. If the computer fails to guess the 
        code correctly within 12 guesses, you win! But if they crack it, you
        lose :(
        
    Good Luck!
